title: What's Next?
author: rexim
date: Thu, 19 Jun 2014 20:25:49 +0700
description: What's next?

<!-- OMG, markdown sucks! -->
<img src="/images/rexim-thinking.png"
     style="float: left; width: 150px; margin-right: 20px;"
     alt="rexim thinking" />

I wanted to write this post a long time ago, but most of the time I
was just busy either working or procrastinating. I know almost nobody
reads this blog, and that's ok, 'cause I'm not sure I'm able to write
anything interesting. So, I'm writing this post only for myself. I
like my blog as a place where I can put my thoughts for further
analysis in the future.

Almost 4 months ago I moved to
[Novosibirsk](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novosibirsk). It is not too
far from my previous location
([Novokuznetsk](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novokuznetsk), almost 400
kilometers away) but still. :) There were many reasons for this. I'm
not going to describe all of them, just a couple of which I find the
most important for me.

The first reason is there are very few good software development
companies in Novokuznetsk. There is [4geo](http://4geo.ru) and this is
probably the only choice you have if you want to learn something as a
software developer. In contrast, Novosibirsk (especially
[Akademgorodok](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akademgorodok)) is a huge
hub of awesome IT and software companies.

The second reason is I really love Akademgorodok. I started to love it
when I was a student and participated in different programming
contests and activities there. I had met many nice and smart people,
so I decided that I want to live there.

So, what's next? My current plan is to keep doing what I'm doing.

I love to create things. I've found an awesome job here at
[Xored](http://xored.com/). This company is all about making useful
things and I really like to work here. But most of the things I'm
working on are not useful for myself. I mean, I'm a developer, but not
a user. I'd like to work on a product which I can use too. This
usually means contributing to existing Open Source projects or
starting your own one. I have an idea for a project, but I need to
prepare my theoretical background for it.

Sometimes I make small contributions to
[Horta](https://github.com/codingteam/horta-hell/) and want finally to
start learning how to draw. I really miss my musical instruments
playings (especially night ones with a MIDI-keyboard, which I'm not
able to bring here yet). But vocal percussion saves the situation. :)
